Adding properties to S198 and add Locally Euclidean where dimensionality can vary (#706)
pi-base/data: properties/P000123.md

There exists some integer $n\ge 0$ such that each point of the
space has a neighborhood homeomorphic to an open subset of $\mathbb R^n$
with its Euclidean topology. Equivalently, each point has a neighborhood
homeomorphic to $\mathbb R^n$. Note that the value of $n$ is not allowed

> to differ between points; if it can vary the space is {P122}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to differ between points; if it can vary, then the space has the weaker
property {P122}.
```
